Release 0.2.0 (#20)
tarantool/metrics-export-role: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

### Fixed

### Changed

## 0.2.0 - 2024-10-02

The release introduces the integration with `httpd` role and latency observation for http

> endpoint. Now it is possible to reuse server's address from `httpd` role config for
> `metrics-export-role` configuration. The release contains documentation about these changes.

Reviewer: It's usually better to include a link to documentation than to just write about it.

Up to you.
```suggestion
endpoint. Now it is possible to reuse server's [address from `httpd` role config for](link)
`metrics-export-role` configuration.
```

Author: Added reference to the README's documentation.
